Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[ethereal tinkling]
[Christmas music playing]
[music continues]
[ethereal tinkling]
♪ Christmas is a time for caring ♪
♪ Being at your best ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for sharing ♪
♪ Knowing you've been blessed ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for giving ♪
♪ Love is made of this ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what Christmas is ♪
♪ Christmas is a joyful time ♪
♪ If you're the lucky ones ♪
♪ Some are blessed
With gifts and trinkets ♪
♪ Others having none ♪
♪ Some have feasts upon their tables ♪
♪ Others only crumbs ♪
♪ There are the haves and the have-nots ♪
♪ And you could be either one ♪
[music heightens]
[townsfolk]
♪ Christmas is a time for singin' ♪
♪ Fa la la la. la la la ♪
♪ Listen to the church bells ringin' ♪
♪ Ding-dong. ding-dong
Ding-dong. ding-dong. ding-dong. ding ♪
♪ Christmas trees
With lights a-sparklin' ♪
♪ Ooh. ah. ooh. ah! ♪
♪ Children playin'. dogs a-barkin' ♪
[barking]
♪ Oh. what joyful bliss ♪
♪ That's what Christmas is ♪
♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
♪ Everybody's there ♪
♪ Laughing. singing. joy bells ringing
Smiles are everywhere ♪
♪ Coats and hats and such as that ♪
♪ And thermal underwear ♪
♪ Trees aglow and mistletoe ♪
♪ It's Christmas on the Square ♪
I need some mistletoe! Oh! [chuckles]
[music continues]
[chuckling]
Whoa!
Mmm!
-Oh! Uh-uh. uh-uh!
-Ah!
[music softens]
[woman] ♪ It's all about caring ♪
♪ Love and compassion ♪
♪ Better to give than receive ♪
♪ Now. that is the true fact ♪
♪ Those that don't know that ♪
♪ Well. they are the poorest indeed ♪
[music heightens]
♪ Gotta get out of this town ♪
♪ There's no reason to wait around ♪
♪ Forget the past. be free at last
Gotta get out of this town ♪
[store door bells ringing]
♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
♪ All without a care ♪
Lovely day!
♪ Gifts exchanged and carolers sing ♪
♪ Lovers walk in pairs ♪
[woman] How romantic!
[townsfolk]
♪ Christmas lights and snowball fights ♪
-♪ Better duck. beware! ♪
-[boy] Ow. my eye!
[townsfolk]
♪ Friends and neighbors cuttin' capers ♪
♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
Ooh! 'Tis the season. Felicity.
Oh. and you didn't hear it from me.
but Mrs. Hampton
forgot to put figs in her figgy pudding!
♪ Gotta get out of this place ♪
♪ Got the chance. the means. the ways ♪
♪ I know in time I'll lose my mind
If I don't get out of this town ♪
All right. let's do this.
Regina. are you sure
you wanna serve eviction notices
to the entire town right before Christmas?
Don't I look like I'm sure?
The marching does kind of give it away.
Uh. well. if I may…
[sighs]
[woman] Thanks for visiting our store.
-Bye-bye. precious girl.
-[laughs] Yay.
To the best Christmas gift
we've ever given each other.
Getting fertility treatments is better
than anything that comes in paper.
[both] ♪ Maybe. just maybe ♪
♪ We'll get our baby ♪
♪ Oh. what a great gift that would be ♪
-Maybe triplets?
-Hold on!
♪ We've waited so long
But we keep holding on ♪
♪ To make a family of three ♪
♪ Here's hoping next Christmas ♪
♪ Luck will be with us ♪
♪ With what we have wished for the most ♪
♪ Our own little child ♪
-♪ With your lips ♪
-♪ And your eyes ♪
♪ Well. here's hoping hope against hope ♪
[door opens]
[man] Regina Fuller?
Haven't seen you since
your father's funeral six months ago.
We miss him so much. How've you been?
Much clearer now.
♪ It's my duty to inform you
'Specially since you are the pastor ♪
♪ This town is being sold
So let's avoid disaster ♪
♪ It's in my jurisdiction
To hand you this eviction ♪
♪ You'll also get a hefty check
To cut down on the friction ♪
You can't be serious.
You're selling our town?
To the Cheetah Mall conglomerate.
In fact. we are standing
in the middle of the middle
of what will be the biggest mall
in Middle America.
I just need to close the deal
by the end of the year.
Who would do this to people
during the holidays?
Rich people who get tax breaks!
Merry Christian. Pastor Christmas.
[Christmas music continues]
[trumpets playing]
Change?
-[townsfolk] ♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
-Sorry. no change.
-♪ Catch me if you dare ♪
-[Felicity] ♪ I apologize ♪
-♪ Holly. jolly. Christmas folly ♪
-♪ I'm so sorry ♪
-♪ Jokesters everywhere ♪
-♪ So sorry ♪
♪ Sleighs and skates and chestnuts baked ♪
-♪ More than enough to share ♪
-♪ I apologize ♪
-♪ Dancin' mimes and such good times ♪
-♪ I'm so sorry ♪
♪ It's Christmas on the Square ♪
[music heightens]
♪ Christmas is the time for beauty
Dressin' to the nines ♪
♪ 'Tis the time to shirk your duties
Leave your job and junk behind ♪
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly
By golly. I'm down with this ♪
♪ That's what Christmas is ♪
[all] ♪ Yes. it is
Yes. it is. yes. it is ♪
♪ That's what Christmas is ♪
♪ Yes. it is. yes. it is. yes. it is
Yes. it is. yes. it is. yes. it is ♪
Ah. the higher the hair.
the closer to the North Pole!
Hey. Margeline. can I hang the mistletoe--
-I'm so sorry!
-Sorry for what?
-Oh! [kisses]
-♪ Margeline. don't even argue ♪
♪ 'Cause even though we're friends
Who have grown up here together ♪
♪ It's time for that to end ♪
♪ Here's a notice to vacate
And a check to relocate ♪
♪ I'll see you
When you do my hair tomorrow ♪
-♪ Don't be late ♪
-What are you talking about?
Cheetah Mall was looking for
a plot of land. and I inherited one.
Fullerville is a plot of land?
Easiest deal ever. It's a sign.
It's a sign that it's time to change.
Regina. I'm the only friend you got.
and you never even told me?
Ooh. she's such a-- Bless her heart.
What's to become of us?
What are you doing?
I've just always wanted to say that.
but the occasion never seemed quite right.
[laughs]
-♪ Gotta get out of this town ♪
-♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
-♪ There's no reason to wait around ♪
-♪ Everybody's there ♪
-♪ I know in time I'll lose my mind ♪
-♪ Trees aglow and mistletoe ♪
-♪ If I don't get out of this town ♪
-♪ It's Christmas on the Square ♪
[woman] To the bank!
♪ Attention. everybody
If I could have a word ♪
♪ This town is disappearing
Consider yourselves served ♪
♪ So take your money now
Or withdraw it daily ♪
♪ 'Cause your life isn't wonderful
And you are not George Bailey ♪
-[crowd gasps]
-[sinister music playing]
[tango music playing]
[Felicity gasps]
Hey!
I thought you were on the clock!
-[townsfolk] ♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
-Sorry.
♪ Too many old memories ♪
♪ Always pulling and tugging at me ♪
♪ My checkered past won't let me be ♪
♪ It's time for me to move on ♪
♪ I think I'd be better off ♪
♪ Somewhere I can just get lost ♪
♪ A clean slate with no paths to cross ♪
♪ Where I can just be alone ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for sharing ♪
Any change?
♪ Christmas is a time for caring ♪
This is the first time
we've seen a homeless person here.
Well. you better get used to it.
'cause you got a whole town of them now!
[chorus] ♪ We gotta get out of this town
Feeling hopeless. sad. and down ♪
♪ Wonderin' what's happening now ♪
♪ She's throwing us out of our town ♪
♪ We gotta get out of this place ♪
♪ Our history here will be erased ♪
♪ It's so unfair. she doesn't care ♪
♪ We gotta get out of our town ♪
-♪ Gotta get out of this town ♪
-♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
♪ I'm so sorry ♪
-♪ There's no reason to wait around ♪
-♪ Time is up. beware ♪
-♪ I gotta get out of this town ♪
-♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
♪ Say farewell to Christmas ♪
♪ Christmas on the Square ♪
[barking. growling]
[ethereal tinkling]
[music ends]
-Wow!
-Wow.
It's… big.
I did want to make a statement.
[woman] Do you think
she can see it from her dad's house?
-I think she can see it from space.
-[all chuckling]
I feel like
the whole town is counting on me.
What if I fail them?
Worst of all.
if the resistance doesn't stop her.
I'll be failing you. my love.
Christian. stop.
Your ministry and your vision
for this town are both beyond reproach.
No matter where we are.
you could never fail us.
I was actually thinking
the exact opposite.
What are you talking about?
All you've ever wanted to be
was a husband and a father.
I didn't know that…
I would have so much trouble
making that second dream
come true for you.
Love. are you…
I didn't want to be
a husband and a father.
I wanted to be your husband.
and I wanted to be a father
to our children
if we're meant to have them.
And if we are not.
you will be the most wonderful mother…
wherever those children come from.
-But--
-No.
There were no buts in our wedding vows.
♪ Now what if I told you
You're cuter and sweeter than pie? ♪
♪ That's a sweet. loving lie
But nice try ♪
Now. enough about pie!
-But I love pie.
-I know!
♪ So. what if I told you
That you are the love of my life? ♪
♪ I know that's right
But I still ask why ♪
♪ I can't figure out why ♪
Okay. I'll tell you why.
♪ You are so beautiful inside and out ♪
♪ You are the one thing
I can't live without ♪
♪ Our kind of love is special. no doubt ♪
♪ My world revolves around you ♪
♪ You are my heart song
I sing night and day ♪
♪ You're my rock star ♪
♪ My guitar that's always in play ♪
♪ True harmony is the music we make ♪
♪ What would I do without you
Precious you? ♪
♪ I pray we can weather
What storms come our way ♪
♪ You're in my prayers whenever I pray ♪
♪ You're my rock ♪
♪ My soft pillow ♪
♪ I give God the praise ♪
♪ He saw fit to bless me with you ♪
♪ We're what they watch on movie night ♪
♪ What singers sing and poets write ♪
♪ You've touched my heart
My soul. my life ♪
♪ So lucky to have you ♪
♪ And I can assure you ♪
♪ I'm always here for you ♪
♪ To me. you are all things ♪
♪ And I so adore you ♪
♪ And oh. did I say ♪
♪ I love you? ♪
♪ You are my heart song
I sing night and day ♪
♪ You're my rock star ♪
♪ My guitar I so love to play ♪
♪ And you can be certain
I'll love you always ♪
♪ In all ways forever ♪
♪ Together whatever ♪
♪ Nothing can keep me ♪
♪ From you ♪
[music ends]
-[crashing]
-[gasps]
[Christmas music playing]
[cell phone ringing]
[phone continues ringing]
[horn beeps]
[car door opens]
[yelling] You're late!
By 30 seconds.
If it were the last 30 seconds
of your life. you would value them.
If it's the last 30 seconds of my life
I have to spend listening to you complain.
I'm gonna be praying for death!
[music turns somber]
I have one last eviction notice
to deliver.
and then this town will be
in my rearview mirror.
Carl had the general store locked up
yesterday.
Yeah. well. he was at the dentist.
Guess he figured a root canal was better
than facing you.
Gonna break that man's heart
all over again.
Oh please. it's just business.
Yeah. well.
it wasn't just business the first time.
High school sweethearts
sneaking behind your daddy's back.
That boy was crazy about you.
Well. he'll be getting a big check
just like everybody else.
Regina. you know damn well
those checks seem like a lot of money.
until you actually have to move
and start another business!
Do you know how many years
it'll take for people to recover?
-I didn't know we'd be having a pop quiz.
-[Margeline] Yeah. well…
Pastor Christian
is organizing a resistance.
And he's got the big guy on his side.
Well. then I guess
it's the big guy's problem.
You're gonna get struck by lightning.
-[big band music playing]
-♪ Hey. won't you let me in? ♪
♪ Let your hair down ♪
♪ I'm your girlfriend ♪
♪ Hey. oh
I'll tell you where you can go ♪
♪ And where to stick it
If it isn't where I think it should go ♪
♪ And feel good about it
Hah! ♪
♪ And feel good about it ♪
♪ Now. girl. I've been a-watching you
Day after day ♪
♪ Complaining and a-raining
On everyone's parade ♪
♪ But what you're doing now
Is such a low blow ♪
♪ Demolishing the lives
Of all the people you know ♪
♪ And you feel good about it ♪
♪ And you feel good about it! ♪
♪ Oh. Regenie. playing queenie
They say you are such a meanie ♪
♪ I've loved you since we were teeny ♪
♪ I don't see you that way ♪
Sticks and stones may break my bones…
But words and deeds can slay!
♪ Hey. you better look inside ♪
♪ How'd you go from hide-and-seek
To being Mr. Hyde? ♪
♪ Hey. oh ♪
♪ Where did that Regina go? ♪
♪ Can we find her and remind her
To show some heart and soul? ♪
♪ You'll live to regret it ♪
♪ Girlfriends are the salt of the earth ♪
♪ They tell you the truth ♪
-♪ Even if it kind of hurts ♪
-Ouch!
♪ Girl. you better put your BS to an end ♪
♪ Or soon
You won't even have imaginary friends ♪
♪ You better think about it ♪
♪ You better think. think
Think about it ♪
♪ Oh. Regina. I have seen
A lot of change in your demeanor ♪
♪ Scheming is your new arena ♪
♪ Have you lost your way? ♪
♪ Hey. oh ♪
♪ Girl. you think you're so fierce! ♪
Guess I don't need a needle
to get my ears pierced.
♪ Hey-ee ♪
♪ You don't own the world ♪
I don't need rollers
to get my hair curled.
♪ Hey. oh. you just grumble and scoff ♪
I don't need exfoliant for this face-off.
♪ You oughta know. you oughta know
You oughta know. oh. oh ♪
♪ Don't need to know. don't care to know
Don't wanna know. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ You oughta know. you gotta know
You've got to show ♪
♪ A little bit of kindness
For the folks below ♪
♪ So get off your royal highness
And save this town ♪
♪ Don't be the queen of mean ♪
♪ Don't be the queen ♪
♪ The queen of mean ♪
♪ Regina ♪
♪ Queen of ♪
♪ Mean ♪
You stop being so greedy. Regina.
Leave these people alone.
They're your people!
[scoffs]
I am very proud
that I was the first female owner
of a business on the Square.
Not to mention.
the first female mayor of Fullerville.
Thank you very much!
Now. you left town
all those many years
and threw your history away.
Aw. but you're not throwing away mine!
Where are you going?
You haven't finished my hair yet.
You know. there's a saying. Regina.
"You can't be too rich or too thin."
[chuckles]
But you…
can be too lonely.
You do your own damn hair.
Oh my God!
-[text message alert]
-[scoffs]
[exhales]
[phone hits table]
[protesters]
Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
-Save our town!
-Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
-Go. Regina!
-[man] Regina.
Oh. you didn't hear it from me.
but the pastor is planning
a Resit Regina meeting
at the church tonight.
Well. aren't you just a fount
of knowledge?
My pleasure!
[Christian] Regina.
The entire town is gonna
stand against you.
We're using the governor. the press.
any possible means to stop you.
We're begging you. please don't do this.
Don't waste your time
pleading with her. honey.
We will stop this sale.
And a warning. Regina.
those who put greed
ahead of their fellow man
will trudge a rocky road ahead.
Note to self: buy more comfortable shoes.
[male protester] This is our town.
We won't be silenced!
Christian. I thought you said the governor
and the press wouldn't return your calls.
Yeah. I'm hoping God will forgive
a little white lie
until we figure out what to do.
[female protester] Save our town!
[melancholy music playing]
-[door opens]
-[bells ring]
[man] Be right with you.
[door bells ringing]
Hello. Carl.
[Carl] Regina.
You look good.
Oh. you too.
I saw you at your dad's funeral.
I looked for you afterwards.
I had quite a few things
to get in order at the house.
I can imagine.
My turn. huh?
Well. we need to talk.
Now. why is that never a good phrase
to hear?
Carl…
Your doctor's looking at your chart.
he looks up and says. "We need to talk."
-I'd get my affairs in order.
-Don't do this.
Or a spouse. "We need to talk."
That's guaranteed couch time.
Don't make this harder than it is. Just…
Just sign the deal.
Why didn't you ever return my calls?
You know how many unanswered letters
I sent to you?
After all these years.
I still think about that night.
Crazy. huh?
People change. Carl.
Not overnight.
[melancholy music continues]
Is. uh. that my dad's lamp?
Yeah. I bought a lot
of his old stuff over the years.
Good excuse to go up to the house
and hear the latest on what you're up to.
I still have that business magazine
with you on the cover somewhere.
[chuckles]
[strains] I've seen it…
I don't know where.
"Hometown Girl Makes It Big."
Your dad was so damn proud of you.
Must be weird being back. huh?
No. I'm just here
until the deal is finalized.
So I've heard.
I'm offering you more
than this place is worth.
Not interested.
Carl. it's time
to let go of Fullerville… for all of us.
I mean.
this isn't even a general store anymore.
It's just… It's a secondhand shop
filled with broken dolls and…
broken dreams.
-[music box music playing]
-Is that what you think?
I wish you could see what I see.
♪ This tea set. this cabinet ♪
♪ 'Twas sweet little Mae's ♪
♪ Old George Brayford made it ♪
♪ And they used to play ♪
♪ Ah. she loved her grandpa ♪
♪ With all of her might ♪
♪ And he hoped his love ♪
♪ Might keep her alive ♪
♪ With her beautiful face ♪
♪ And her little bald head ♪
♪ They'd drink pretend tea ♪
♪ With make-believe bread ♪
♪ Memories are precious and priceless ♪
♪ Their value not measured in gold ♪
♪ And I am ♪
♪ The keeper of memories ♪
♪ I know they hold riches untold ♪
♪ And I will ♪
♪ Forever be grateful ♪
♪ It's all been entrusted to me ♪
♪ What is and what's been ♪
♪ The now and the then ♪
♪ I treasure these memories ♪
Carl. it's too late. The contract--
♪ Each item. each toy ♪
♪ They all have a story ♪
♪ That only the owner can see ♪
♪ You can purchase them all ♪
♪ For a price large or small ♪
♪ But you don't buy the memories ♪
♪ Sacred and dear ♪
♪ Our precious memories ♪
♪ Thank heaven for memories ♪
Carl. I…
My father…
appreciated you very much. but…
maybe your memories…
Well. my memories
are not the same as yours.
Just… just take the check.
The only way I'd take a check from you
is if I could…
use it to buy this town
and keep it the jewel your father created.
[inhales deeply] Felicity will come
and pick up the contract
so we don't have to speak again.
What happened to the girl I knew?
[choked up] She left a long time ago.
[bells ringing]
♪ Once upon a time ♪
♪ A girl bright as sunshine ♪
♪ Beautiful. happy. and smart ♪
♪ And a boy who adored her ♪
♪ Asked to escort her ♪
♪ To the dance
Where she broke his young heart ♪
♪ All memories are not sweet ♪
♪ To make life complete ♪
♪ We must make the most of them all ♪
♪ We are ♪
♪ The keeper of memories ♪
♪ The good. bad. the big and the small ♪
♪ The joy and the pain ♪
♪ We feel them again ♪
♪ And again ♪
♪ Memories ♪
[protesters]
Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
-Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
-[ethereal tinkling]
Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
-[whimsical music playing]
-Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
Hasn't anyone ever taught you
it's not nice to litter the Earth?
to mind your own business?
Oh. I'm gonna get change out of you.
one way or the other!
[chuckles]
[ethereal tinkling]
-[brakes screeching]
-Oh!
Dr. Marshall. I'm so sorry.
Regina! Are you all right?
You're driving erratically.
Yes. No. I mean. I don't know.
I got this stupid thing on my face.
and it…
it blocked my vision.
See. uh… [clears throat]
Regina. uh. we need to talk.
Oh!
No. no.
it's about the results of your physical.
Uh. perhaps you'd like
to drop by my office.
I don't think it's proper to have
a professional conversation in the--
With all due respect. doc.
this has been a very rough morning.
so just cough it up.
[clears throat]
Well. I'm sorry. Regina. but…
there seems to be some sort
of shadow on your brain scan.
-[groans]
-No. no. it's…
I'm sure it's nothing.
but. uh. let's be proactive
and order up another test
at the hospital as soon as we can.
[protesters]
Hey. hey. ho. ho. Regina's gotta go!
[bells ringing. ethereal tinkling]
[harp strum]
Oh. that woman is so annoying!
What woman?
All right.
We can be there tomorrow at 10:00.
All righty. then. See you then.
Drive…
carefully.
[whimsical music continues]
[door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
-[Felicity exhales] Regina--
-Not now.
[door closes]
Okay. Uh…
It's not now anymore. [chuckles]
I mean. it's now 'cause it's now.
but it's not now
from when you said. "Not now."
Uh. I was just gonna say
that this came in the mail today.
It's the Cheetah Mall contract.
I wanted to make sure you saw it.
Were it not for your heads-up.
I might've missed it.
You're welcome.
Oh. I got it. that was a joke. [laughs]
Thought you were just being your usual…
Sarcasm. [laughs] It's funny.
Um. you know. I was just gonna say.
maybe there's another place
to build Cheetah Mall. you know?
Maybe a place where no people live.
-[yelling] Out!
-[Felicity] Yes. [huffs]
[Regina grunts]
[exhales]
[switch clicks]
[exhales] Felicity?
Felicity. can you flip the switch
in the power box?
[woman] Felicity is gone for the day.
-[ethereal tinkling]
-You need some light?
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
[tranquil music playing]
I just pressed this emergency button
which sends a silent alarm.
so if this is a robbery or a kidnapping.
Officer Bryant will be here in 30 seconds.
[chuckling] Well. first of all.
that is not an emergency button.
That's a Sucret.
And next of all.
folks that get kidnapped usually have
people willing to pay a ransom for them.
I'm thinking this whole town
would just say. "Bye. Regina!"
Who are you?
♪ Everybody needs an angel ♪
Oh my God.
I do have a brain tumor.
♪ Everybody needs a friend ♪
[Regina] I'm hallucinating.
♪ Everybody needs
A little angel meddling ♪
That's why Dr. Marshall was so concerned
about me.
♪ Every now and again ♪
♪ And sometimes. heaven sends a message ♪
♪ To help us with our mess ♪
Well. if you are heaven's messenger.
then I need to change my address.
So. you say you're an angel?
Do you have a name?
Well. Angel!
What do you want from me?
Change!
[ethereal tinkling]
Oh. that's why you look so familiar.
Yeah. you just looked right through me
when you thought
I was just a homeless person.
So. I figured I should make a house call
and do some 'splaining.
I don't need anyone who uses the word
"'splaining" 'splaining… explaining--
Do you know why your father stood
at that window every night?
Your father used to love to watch
the lamps being lit in the Square.
And what a waste of money that was.
He wanted the Square
surrounded by lanterns
because of his favorite story.
the Scottish parable of the lamplighter.
Once upon a time in a village.
there was an old lamplighter.
And every evening. when the sun went down.
he would carry his light
through the streets.
stopping at every lamppost along the way.
♪ Light your lamp ♪
♪ To guide the way ♪
♪ Lest someone should go astray ♪
♪ Or be left standing in the dark ♪
♪ Confused and lost with troubled hearts ♪
♪ Let the fire of love burn bright ♪
♪ Drive the shadows from the night ♪
♪ Fan the flames with all your might ♪
♪ Light your lamp ♪
-[Regina] Daddy?
-♪ And spread the light ♪
[Angel] And even though
he couldn't be seen in the dark.
it was clear from the glow of the lamps
where the lamplighter had been.
♪ Spread some light ♪
♪ Where'er you go ♪
♪ And always leave an afterglow ♪
♪ Be a beacon in the night ♪
♪ Light your lamp ♪
♪ And spread the light ♪
♪ May this little light of mine ♪
♪ Cast a glow where'er it shines ♪
♪ Light the way ♪
♪ To brighter times ♪
♪ Be a blessing to mankind ♪
♪ Let this fire of love burn bright ♪
♪ Drive the shadows from the night ♪
♪ Fan the flames with all your might ♪
♪ Light your lamp ♪
♪ And spread the light ♪
Your father lit a path for you to follow.
You find that light. and it will lead you
to the part of you you lost.
And what might that be?
The part that can be happy.
Well. I'm glad you're just a hallucination
so I don't have to listen
to anything that you say.
Well. the funny part about hallucinations.
they just have an endless amount of tricks
up their sleeves.
[whispering] Oh my God.
[muffled] Oh my God!
I hope. if I have another hallucination.
it won't be wearing rhinestones.
-[whimsical music playing]
-♪ What's she doing. in heaven's name? ♪
♪ Or as we say. "What the hell?" ♪
♪ Expects us all to play her game ♪
♪ She's forcing us to sell! ♪
♪ This town is all we know ♪
♪ It contains our hearts. our soul ♪
♪ Knows every finger. every toe
And in between ♪
♪ Birthed our babies. learned to drive ♪
♪ Had mumps and measles. croup and hives ♪
♪ How does she think that we'll survive?
She's so damn mean ♪
Hey. no damn cussin' in a church house!
♪ Please bless us. Lord. and help us ♪
-♪ Hmm! She's the nastiest ♪
-♪ Stingiest ♪
♪ Greediest. goriest. snoriest
Wickedest Witch of the Middle! ♪
Bless her heart!
♪ The Wicked Witch of the Middle ♪
♪ She steals our homes and vittles ♪
♪ Acts big. makes us feel little ♪
♪ That Wicked Witch of the Middle ♪
Citizens of Fullerville. now is the time
that we must rise up and resist!
♪ What do we do?
What do we do? What do we do? ♪
If we put our heads together.
we can design a plan to defeat Regina.
Come on. think. There are no bad ideas!
-♪ Ooh. maybe we'll just smack her ♪
-♪ Maybe just ax her ♪
Ax her what?
♪ Maybe we'll burn her broom
And crack her kettle ♪
-♪ Maybe we'll singe her hair ♪
-♪ Or we'll trap her like a bear ♪
♪ Maybe we'll just rough her up a little ♪
♪ The Wickedest Witch of the Middle ♪
-♪ Would a poison apple keep her away? ♪
-♪ A bucket o' water? ♪
♪ Shall we pray? ♪
♪ Lord. show her the way ♪
♪ Way ♪
-♪ Maybe we'll trip her ♪
-♪ Maybe we'll strip her ♪
♪ Oh. Lord. don't do that ♪
♪ Maybe we'll just throw her
On the griddle ♪
♪ Roast her. toast her. choke her ♪
♪ Maybe we'll just throw mud balls
Made of spittle ♪
♪ Slam her. wham her. damn her ♪
♪ We definitely should
Rough her up a little ♪
Saying there were no bad ideas
was a tad premature.
Yeah.
♪ She's the Wickedest Witch
Of the Middle ♪
[music ends]
-[ethereal tinkling]
-Hey. could you please slow down?
I didn't even get a chance
to hook my seat belt.
It's against the law to drive
and hallucinate at the same time.
Don't go
to the town meeting tonight. Regina.
Those people don't want to see your face.
Unless it's wearing
a long. white beard and a red hat.
Leave those poor people alone!
Poor people?
I offered them all very fair
and generous settlements.
What do they do? They gang up against me.
Well. I'll show them.
Oh. show them what. your bad attitude?
The chip on your shoulder?
The entire town already called you
the Wickedest Witch of the Middle.
I knew that brain tumors were deadly.
I had no idea they were so obnoxious.
God. tacky.
[dramatic music playing]
♪ There are witches that can cast a spell
Witches with an evil smell ♪
-Ew!
-♪ Two most famous witches. I suppose ♪
♪ Are the Wicked Witch of the East
And the Wicked Witch of the West ♪
♪ Who look like angels
Compared to the Wickedest Witch ♪
♪ In the very middle ♪
-♪ Of the very middle of the country ♪
-[whimsical music playing]
♪ The Wicked Witch of the Middle ♪
♪ She steals our homes and vittles ♪
♪ Acts big. makes us feel little ♪
♪ That Wickedest Witch of the Middle ♪
♪ That mean old witch. she makes me sick ♪
♪ She's got this whole town up in fits ♪
-♪ She's colder than a witch's-- ♪
-Hey!
♪ The Wickedest Witch of the Middle ♪
♪ That mean old hag. she makes us gag ♪
♪ All she does is boast and brag ♪
♪ Making this town pack our bags
'Cause she don't give a diddle ♪
♪ That mean old witch. black as pitch
That mean old witch. rhymes with witch ♪
♪ She's callous. jaded. mean. and cold
What a sad way to grow old ♪
♪ The Wickedest Witch of the Middle
She's cruel. she's mean. she's awful ♪
♪ She's evil. cold. unlawful ♪
♪ She's just the pits
That mean old witch ♪
♪ She's the wickedest. wickedest witch
She's the wickedest witch ♪
♪ The Wickedest Witch of-- ♪
I believe the word
you're looking for is "middle."
-[crowd gasps]
-[music ends]
Never has "speak of the devil"
been so appropriate.
Regina Fuller.
we're in the middle of a town meeting.
Which is on my property.
[indistinct chatter]
Regardless of what you all think of me.
and believe me. I've heard the stories.
When my father fell ill a few years back.
I took on the responsibility
of looking after this town.
-Yeah. from your fancy New York penthouse!
-[all] Yeah!
Making the tough economic decisions
that my father refused to make.
Closing down businesses
that were underperforming.
Selling off land that was sitting vacant.
They were called parks. Regina.
[crowd snickers]
When Cheetah Mall approached me and said
they wanted to build their biggest mall
in the middle of the country.
I knew that
this was an opportunity of a lifetime.
A chance for Fullerville
to enter the 21st century.
That's a lie.
You've been waiting on your father to die
so you could swoop in and sell us off.
[all] Yeah!
You're just using Cheetah Mall
as an excuse to cheat us all.
[all] Yeah!
So you believe in destroying small towns
in the name of progress?
She doesn't care about progress.
All she cares about is money.
Exactly! Even our cemetery will be torn up
and destroyed by bulldozers!
You're literally making everyone roll over
in their graves!
Yeah. and for what?
Overpriced coffee
and 100 movie theaters that sell sushi?
Even though I like overpriced coffee
and 100 movie theaters that sell sushi.
[nervously]
They'll never be as great as diner coffee.
Come on. Regina. It's not too late.
You have an opportunity tonight
to just do something great.
All you gotta do is change your mind.
You could've made a sweet bonus.
The new deadline to be out of your homes
is now Christmas Eve!
[all gasping]
You cannot be serious.
That's tomorrow night.
Oh. I am serious.
Believe me.
Your father may be gone.
but his presence lives on.
We will fight against you. Regina Fuller.
We will resist!
[inspirational music playing]
♪ Nothing is impossible ♪
♪ If you can just believe ♪
♪ Don't live your life in shackles ♪
♪ When faith can be the key ♪
♪ The winner's one
Who keeps determination in his eyes ♪
♪ Who's not afraid to fly ♪
♪ And not afraid to try ♪
♪ I have always been a dreamer ♪
♪ And dreams are special things ♪
♪ But dreams are of no value ♪
♪ If they're not equipped with wings ♪
♪ So secure yourself for climbing ♪
♪ Make ready for the sky ♪
♪ Don't let your chance go by ♪
♪ You'll make it if you try ♪
♪ So try to be the first one
Up the mountain ♪
♪ The highest flying dreamer in the sky ♪
♪ And try your best to be an inspiration ♪
♪ For others
That are still afraid and shy ♪
♪ And try to make the most
Of every moment ♪
♪ 'Cause if you never try. you never win ♪
♪ So try each day to try a little harder ♪
♪ And if you fail. get up ♪
♪ And try again ♪
♪ I've chased after rainbows ♪
♪ I've captured one or two ♪
♪ I've reached for the stars
And I have even held a few ♪
♪ I've walked that lonesome valley ♪
♪ Topped the mountains. soared the sky ♪
♪ I've laughed and I've cried ♪
♪ But I have always tried ♪
♪ So you try to be the first one
Up the mountain ♪
♪ And try to be the first
To touch the sky ♪
♪ Don't let somebody tell you
You can't do it ♪
♪ If they say that. show them it's a lie ♪
♪ And try to make the most ♪
♪ Of every moment ♪
♪ 'Cause if you never try. you never win ♪
♪ And try each day
To try a little harder ♪
♪ And if you fail. get up ♪
♪ And try again ♪
♪ The first step is the one
That's always hardest ♪
♪ But you'll never really know
If you don't try ♪
♪ So try to be the first one
Up the mountain ♪
♪ Try to be the first one
Up the mountain ♪
♪ And try to be the first
To touch the sky ♪
♪ Try to be the first to touch the sky ♪
♪ Don't let somebody tell you
You can't do it ♪
♪ And if they say that
Show them it's a lie ♪
♪ Show them it's a lie ♪
♪ And try to make the most
Of every moment ♪
♪ 'Cause if you never try. you never win ♪
♪ If you never try. you never win ♪
♪ And try each day
To try a little harder ♪
♪ And if you fail. get up ♪
♪ And try again ♪
♪ So spread your wings
And let the magic happen ♪
♪ But you'll never really know unless ♪
♪ You never really know unless ♪
♪ You never really know ♪
♪ Unless you try ♪
[music ends]
Keys… Are you kidding me?
Where's an angelic hallucination
when you need a light?
[deeply exhales]
[ethereal tinkling]
I wonder if booze is good
for brain tumors.
[whimsical music playing]
Hello?
Is anybody here?
Yes. what can I get you?
Um. I'm not sure.
Got you. Uncle Freddy. Queen me.
-[Freddy] Child. please!
-Whiskey?
Aren't you a little young
to be bartending?
I'm an old soul.
BTW. FYI.
my name's Violet.
and I'm old enough to accept tips.
Duly noted.
So how come you're not
at the town meeting with everybody else?
I arrived late and left early.
Oh.
Diva.
-What?
-You know.
That's what the divas do.
They show up at parties late
so they can make a big entrance.
Then they leave early. so you know
they're going to a more important party.
I wouldn't know.
I don't get invited to a lot of parties.
Me either. But when I'm older.
I'm gonna be the party.
Where did you learn all this?
I'm growing up in the back of a bar
with access to the Internet.
Where do you think?
So your parents are
at the. um. big town meeting?
My dad.
My mom died when I was little.
Hmm.
My mom died when I was little too.
I talk to my mama every night.
When we find the brightest star.
my dad says.
"That's your mama.
shining down on you to light your way."
He says that
even if he's pointing at Venus.
but I don't tell him.
Sounds like you have a great dad.
He is. He says he doesn't want me
to grow up with "issues."
Hmm. good luck with that!
You're not used to talking
to children. are you?
I barely talked to them when I was one.
Well. that's okay. I like that better
than the people pinching my cheeks
and talking to me like I'm a puppy.
♪ They tell little children
That life is sweet with juice ♪
♪ From that big bowl of cherries
But that's just not the truth ♪
No kidding!
♪ No. it's not
Guess they forgot to tell it like it is ♪
♪ Now we know from experience
There's very little bliss ♪
That's right.
♪ Life is not a fairy tale ♪
♪ I guess it is for some. but not for us ♪
♪ I guess we both know life too well ♪
♪ We've seen and felt what it can do
And we don't care that much ♪
♪ For all the skins and bruises
Other pains life uses ♪
♪ To teach us lessons
We have learned too well ♪
♪ No. life is not a fairy tale ♪
♪ Not a fairy tale ♪
I mean. if a haggy. old witch
with a wart on her nose
offers you an apple.
then why would you eat it?
Or if your house is so infested
with birds and mice
that they can sing a production number.
get an exterminator!
[both giggle]
♪ Not a tale for elves and fairies ♪
♪ It's of loads too hard to carry ♪
♪ Tales of woe. and they all vary ♪
♪ And we know all too well ♪
♪ That life is not a ♪
♪ Life is not a ♪
♪ Life is not a fairy tale ♪
♪ A fairy tale ♪
♪ Fairy tale ♪
I'm not kissing any slimy. green frogs.
I'm not doing laundry
for seven lazy dwarfs.
♪ Fairy tale ♪
Definitely.
there are no happy endings in life.
♪ Fai-- ♪
What? There is too such thing
as a happy ending!
You'll wind up happy in the end
if you look at what makes you happy now.
Maybe every kid should be raised
in the back of a bar.
♪ Fairy tale ♪
Well.
you are quite the. um…
the bartender.
How much do I owe you?
My dad tells everyone
that their first visit is on the house.
He says that's how to grow a business.
Although…
now it's too late.
The Wickedest Witch of the Middle
is throwing everybody out of town.
Is that what your dad calls her?
He doesn't say witch with a "W."
He hates her and says
she's the one who killed my mother.
I'm sorry. what?
Yeah. She didn't give people chances
when they were a little late
on their rent.
So the drug store
in the Square had to close.
So when I was three months old.
I got a bad fever.
And my mom had to drive 20 miles away
to get medicine.
So what happened?
By the time she was on her way back.
a storm had blown in.
She was pulled off the road into the wash.
She drowned.
I'm…
I'm so sorry.
It's not your fault.
And don't tell my dad this.
but I don't even blame
the Wickedest Witch.
If I hadn't gotten a fever.
my mom would still be alive.
No.
-[door opens]
-No!
Did someone report some missing keys?
What are you doing here?
I…
I'm sorry.
No!
[whispers] Sorry.
[door bells ringing]
-[door closes. somber music playing]
-♪ Could it be true what she told me? ♪
♪ That I changed the course
Of their lives ♪
♪ Maybe I am the worst of the worst ♪
♪ The Wickedest Witch ♪
♪ And. oh. how that hurts ♪
♪ But maybe ♪
♪ Just maybe ♪
♪ They're right ♪
[music ends]
[dramatic music playing]
[music intensifies]
[ethereal tinkling]
[inspirational music playing]
♪ A father's prayer ♪
♪ Is hoping he'll be there ♪
♪ Whenever. for whatever comes along ♪
♪ To show he cares ♪
♪ Not only in the present ♪
♪ But he's hoping that his essence ♪
♪ And his love and effervescence ♪
♪ Linger on ♪
This one's special. It's gonna hang
in the gazebo in the park.
That Square's gonna be booming
with businesses from every state
wanting to set up shop
down here in Kansas.
and Fullerville will be the place to live.
If we keep the rents low
and the spirits high. right. Daddy?
[laughing]
You're a shining star!
One of these days.
you'll be running this town.
♪ Humble and sincere ♪
♪ This father's prayer ♪
[humming]
[gasps] Oh. good heavens!
Yes. they are.
And what exactly are you doing?
This is a trick question. isn't it?
Doesn't Regina have an appointment
at the hospital this morning?
And why haven't you woken her up?
Because…
it's so peaceful!
[scoffs] Felicity.
the whole purpose
of being an angel-in-training
is to teach you how to be an angel.
You've already messed up
your first two tests.
And dancing at the bank? My goodness!
You know how this works.
Good thing she doesn't cook.
-[inhales]
-Not the Angel Rule Book again.
Oh.
[ethereal tinkling]
Rule 14. subsection F:
"Until you get your assigned human
to change their heart
and. subsequently.
have their hearts change their mind.
the status of 'angel'
shall not be conferred."
I only skimmed the subsection.
Felicity.
Regina and all of Fullerville need you.
Right!
-If I could have just one more minute--
-Will you get out there and do your job!
[sighs] Lord. she is such a pain!
[snoring]
-Regina. are you dead?
-[gasps]
[deeply exhales]
If I were dead.
would you expect me to answer?
[whispers] Sorry.
[breathing heavily] Just used
to seeing you sleep horizontally.
Why are you on the couch?
It was a rough night.
Oh… Impending medical tests
are always frightening.
You have no idea what I am going through.
so you may wanna keep
your ever-appropriate.
Felicity-incessant chatter to yourself
until I call for group participation.
or at least
until you get me a cup of coffee.
-Sorry. I was just--
-Getting me coffee?
Yes. yes. coffee.
And we should leave soon so that
we can make it to the hospital on time.
Oh yes. we must hurry to the hospital
to speed up the news
of my impending death.
And the town can begin their celebration.
You are kinda putting them
in a tough spot.
but it's Christmas. so. you know. maybe--
If I want your opinion. I will ask for it.
Right.
I just want you to know.
Regina. I am always here for you.
Of course you are.
That's what I pay you for.
Now get me my coffee.
-Regina. I'm just trying--
-If you want a friend. get a dog!
That's it! That's it! I am through!
I am done with this!
Where do you think you're going?
And don't lie.
You know I can read your mind.
[exhales] I quit!
If you quit. you're no better than she is.
What?
Uh. she is rude.
dismissive and condescending.
And don't get me started
on her bad qualities.
Well. you have
to look past her flaws. Felicity.
I mean. if you allow someone's mistakes
to define them.
you'll never learn who they really are.
Nor who you are.
-[upbeat music playing]
-♪ Everybody needs an angel ♪
♪ Everybody needs a friend ♪
♪ Hey. get that chin up off of the floor ♪
♪ That don't look good on you ♪
♪ Why. you've got a-way too many colors ♪
♪ To go around showing only the blue ♪
♪ You're gonna fool around
And lose your magic ♪
♪ Talkin' that negative talk ♪
♪ How am I ever gonna learn to fly
If I can't even walk the walk? ♪
[Angel] Let's talk.
♪ You need discipline ♪
♪ Pull up. bend down. and up ♪
♪ Spin! ♪
♪ Spin. spin. again ♪
♪ Kick. break. that's what it takes ♪
♪ You're an angel-in-training
Make no mistake ♪
♪ Dance. honey. dance! ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Everybody needs an angel ♪
♪ Everybody needs a friend ♪
♪ Across the floor ♪
♪ More. more ♪
♪ Honey. try. try! ♪
♪ Take a leap. you just might fly ♪
♪ Never say no ♪
♪ I'd rather say bye ♪
Can't you just ring a bell?
No. Clarence. you've got work to do.
♪ I know she's tough
A real pain in the neck ♪
♪ At least everybody does know that ♪
♪ Everybody. I mean everybody ♪
♪ For heaven's sake. stop harpin' ♪
♪ And I'll try to pull some strings ♪
♪ Yes. she's a lot ♪
♪ But if you do your job ♪
♪ You just might sprout some wings. yeah ♪
♪ You just might sprout your wings ♪
You just keep talkin' to her heart.
It'll eventually change her mind.
-♪ Regina needs an angel ♪
-♪ I'm always there ♪
-♪ Lord. we know where all she's been ♪
-♪ She doesn't care ♪
♪ You know she's gotta feel downhearted ♪
♪ From all the mess she's in ♪
♪ It's time for her to be happy ♪
♪ So let's help her begin ♪
♪ 'Cause if we fix and solve her problems
Everybody wins ♪
♪ And everybody needs an angel ♪
Okay.
♪ Everybody needs a friend ♪
♪ Everybody needs an angel ♪
-♪ Everybody needs-- ♪
-[Regina] Coffee. I need coffee!
Coffee!
[ethereal tinkling]
[footsteps approaching]
-[ethereal tinkling]
-Oh. good.
Oh. and. Felicity.
I thought about what you said.
You're right
about impending medical tests.
They are frightening.
Perhaps that made me a bit short with you.
Was that an apology?
-Don't push it.
-[ethereal tinkling]
Ha! See?
[ethereal tinkling]
Oh no. not again.
Why won't you leave me alone?
Well. brain tumor or not.
I still haven't gotten my change yet.
Isn't there a wedding cake
or ship's bow you can sit on?
Oh. did you have to go and mention cake?
Now you got me hungry!
Being back must trigger
a whole lot of memories. huh?
[melancholy music playing]
Yeah.
Carl and I really did have
some very good times.
Was Carl your boyfriend?
[Angel]
♪ Looking at life in the rearview mirror ♪
[Regina] I was so in love with him.
[Felicity] Is this
where you went to high school?
[Regina] Yeah. It's also where I went
to my first and only dance.
My father let me go
because it was a Christmas dance.
All the other girls
had been going to dances for years.
[dance music playing]
♪ In Happy Town. we're a-gettin' down ♪
♪ Just go around in Happy Town ♪
♪ We're picking them up
And laying them down ♪
♪ Here in Happy Town ♪
♪ Come on down ♪
[all cheering]
♪ One. two. three ♪
♪ We're getting down in Happy Town ♪
[Regina] My father didn't like the idea
of my having a boyfriend.
Thought I was too young.
Carl and I had something special.
♪ Welcome to Happy Town ♪
♪ Where we've been known
For gettin' down ♪
[Regina] But when I saw him
give that girl a ring in the cloakroom.
I was stunned…
and so hurt.
[romantic music playing]
[male singer] ♪ I look in your eyes ♪
♪ The future looks so bright ♪
[female singer] ♪ Tonight… ♪
[Regina]
I found myself in the arms of a boy…
I didn't even know.
But…
he made me feel pretty…
-and. um… desirable.
-[male singer] ♪ Come on. dance with me ♪
[female singer]
♪ But I only dance on my daddy's feet ♪
[Regina] I made a choice that night…
that I've lived to regret.
[male singer] ♪ Come on. just dance ♪
[female singer] ♪ Well. I'll try ♪
[both singers] ♪ Just dance ♪
♪ Just dance with me… ♪
[Regina] When my father found out
that I was going to have a baby. he was…
devastated.
He told me it would be best
if I disappeared for a while. so…
I disappeared.
[Felicity] Regina. we're at the hospital.
[Angel] ♪ Oh. looking at life
In the rearview mirror ♪
♪ Reveals your destiny ♪
[Regina] I realized later
that I misunderstood Carl's intentions
with that girl at the dance.
That ring was meant for me.
But… [sighs]
I could never look Carl in the eye again.
By the time I had the baby.
the father had moved on
to another girl and…
another town.
Even if I had known
Carl was trying to see me.
by then it was too late.
♪ What happened then is gone forever ♪
♪ The future waits. and if you're clever ♪
♪ You'll change it now. or you may never ♪
♪ Have what you hold dear ♪
-[crying] No. No. No! No!
-It's time.
-Yeah. Shh.
-Daddy. please!
-Please don't take my baby!
-Shh. shh. Regina. I'm doing what's best.
Oh my God!
I hate you!
After that.
I couldn't stand being around my father.
I got as far away from him
and this town as I possibly could.
But there's something you didn't see.
I know the most important thing
is that Regina never feels ashamed.
Small towns have long memories.
I want her to have a fresh start.
But how do I let this child.
my grandchild.
be taken from us?
[baby cooing]
I don't know if she'll ever forgive me.
[crying]
All you saw was the darkness.
It's impossible to forgive others
if you haven't forgiven yourself.
Everybody makes mistakes. Regina.
♪ Oh. looking at life
In the rearview mirror ♪
♪ Reveals your destiny ♪
[Angel] Find the light.
and you will find
the part of yourself you lost.
Find that light. [echoing]
[Dr. Marshall] Welcome back.
What?
[inspirational music playing]
[Regina]
♪ I clearly see now what she's shown me ♪
♪ That all that seemed wrong
Is all right ♪
♪ And I feel
That I have no time to waste ♪
♪ She says I can change
That it's never too late ♪
♪ And maybe ♪
♪ Just maybe ♪
♪ She's right ♪
-[siren blaring]
-[indistinct radio chatter]
[brakes screeching]
[radio chatter]
Mack. what happened?
We were on our way to the cemetery
so she could leave flowers
on her mother's grave
like every Christmas.
Oh my God. it's all my fault.
-No.
-No. We saw the whole thing on the bridge.
That guy ran into you and kept going.
[Mack] My baby girl.
-It's gonna be okay.
-We're here for you.
I know this is hard.
but she's a tough little girl.
-She'll pull through.
-How could you know what I'm feeling?
You have no idea
what it would be like to lose a child.
-Yes. I do.
-Get her into Trauma One.
We're doing all we can to locate
a pediatric head trauma specialist.
Mack knows you meant well. Regina.
It's just the worry talking.
Listen. get on the phone and find
the top pediatric neurosurgeon
in the country and get them here.
-Like. pick them up?
-Yes.
Get them in a helicopter or private plane.
I don't care how much it costs.
Just get them here now.
-Any news? Any news?
-Dr. Marshall just took her into trauma.
Oh. Lord. let this doctor help Violet.
[man] That pile-up blocked the street.
Andy had to drive like a maniac
to get us here.
-[Margeline] Come on. now. Come on!
-[woman] Oh. bless her heart!
[whispers] Oh God.
Angel.
are you there?
Okay.
I do believe in you. and I'm asking you.
I am begging you.
I don't… I don't care about money
or real estate or even my test results.
If there's anything that I can do…
Please. if you could just
put in a good word for me with the…
the big guy…
I would be so grateful.
Please give Violet her life.
Give her my life.
Phase One of Operation Change complete.
-What's Phase One?
-Uh. changing Regina's heart.
Right. Yes.
So then Phase Two is… um…
Getting her heart to change her mind.
Of course! Rule 14. subsection F.
[sighs] Don't you have
calls you need to make?
Oh. good heavens.
Yes. they are!
[chuckles] Bless her. Lord.
[somber music playing]
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Oh. baby girl ♪
♪ You know you are my world ♪
♪ Without you. what would I do? ♪
♪ Heaven knows ♪
♪ You are my light ♪
♪ My little candle glowing ♪
♪ Took pleasure in your growing ♪
♪ Always had a father's knowing ♪
♪ That I'd be the first to go ♪
♪ But what do I know? ♪
Violet…
I know you wanted
to wish your mom a merry Christmas.
so if you… need to go be with her…
I understand.
Diva's gotta leave early…
[deep inhale]
…to get to a more important party.
♪ Dear Lord. I hope and pray ♪
♪ If she dies before she wakes ♪
♪ I pray that as she climbs
Those golden stairs ♪
♪ In this world or hereafter ♪
♪ That the joy. the love. the laughter
Linger on ♪
♪ On and on ♪
♪ Let me be there ♪
♪ This is my father's prayer ♪
[door opens]
[music ends]
[woman] Hello.
I'm Dr. Martinez.
Pediatric neurosurgeon.
flown in from Kensington.
Kensington?
That's over 100 miles from here.
You must have a guardian angel
taking care of you.
[inspirational music playing]
I wanna drive by the general store.
-I could pick up whatever you need.
-I don't need anything.
-I just need you to drop me off.
-Oh.
Oh.
Bad idea!
I think it's a good idea.
-Did I even ask you?
-Sorry.
-[whispers] What do you mean. "bad idea"?
-Okay.
Rule 17:
"Angel interns must exercise patience
when allowing their assigned human
to process their change of heart."
Now. just because she's starting
to see the light
doesn't mean she knows yet
how to process it and to let it shine.
She's not ready to talk to Carl.
Hey!
[whispers] She's plenty ready.
[loudly] You're ready. right?
Yes. of course I'm ready. Just drive.
[whispers] Told ya.
I think somebody's getting too big
for their britches!
You don't worry about a thing.
I'm gonna bring this plane in
for a landing.
A landing?
I'm gonna take a shortcut
through Blaine's Landing.
Oh. great.
You're an angel.
Well. what do you know about that?
She called you an angel.
[ethereal tinkling]
[door bells ringing]
What do you want. Regina?
As you can see. I'm a little busy
trying to get out of here by tonight.
[door bells ringing]
You're not throwing this away. are you?
Does it matter?
It's all junk to you. right?
Actually. it was a prototype
that my father made himself.
It used to hang in the town gazebo.
Really? I didn't know that.
Carl…
you were right
about everything you said about this town…
and my father. I know that now.
That's great. Happy to hear it.
Could you please just stop
and hear me out?
I realized that things could have
been different between us.
-I wanted to explain--
-[Carl] I'm gonna stop you there. okay?
What could've been is long gone.
and talking about it
isn't gonna bring it back.
Doesn't work that way.
[somber music playing]
How much do you want for the lantern?
On the house.
Merry Christmas.
[somber music continues]
[door bells ringing]
[door closes]
[music continues]
I was about to head out
to Christmas Eve service.
How'd it go with Carl?
Uh. well. he gave me my father's lantern.
Great.
Oh.
It's like they say.
it's always darkest before…
you light a lantern. because…
we don't know
that a plan is already in motion.
It's fine. Felicity.
Sometimes. we miss the angels.
♪ Who are there when you're feeling low ♪
♪ 'Cause when you've lost
Someone you love… ♪
Grief is love…
with nowhere to go.
Merry Christmas. Regina.
Merry Christmas. Felicity.
[inspirational music playing]
[door opens. closes]
Great news. honey. Violet's improving.
Now if she would just wake up.
The whole town is praying.
We're just gonna need
some extra inspiration
from your Christmas Eve sermon tonight.
Maybe you should be praying for that too.
my love.
Let me guess.
you haven't written
your Christmas Eve sermon for tonight?
You know I work better under pressure.
Remember. God created the entire shebang
in six days. It's the Big Shebang Theory.
[laughs] Well. you and your shebang
had better get going.
or we're going to be late.
It'll be okay.
You know Margeline loves to warm them up.
-Hmm.
-[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ I've always been a dreamer ♪
♪ And dreams are special things ♪
♪ But dreams are of no value ♪
♪ If they're not equipped ♪
♪ With wings ♪
[Angel] Well. Jenna.
it just so happens
that giving dreams wings is my specialty.
[humming]
[Angel] ♪ Hope is diminished ♪
♪ The future looks bleak ♪
♪ Once you were strong
Now you're suddenly weak ♪
♪ Once you stood tall
Now you're brought to your knees ♪
♪ Lost dreams make it hard to believe ♪
♪ Just keep holding on
Your faith will renew ♪
♪ Miracles happen ♪
♪ I know that they do ♪
♪ So I pray God will listen ♪
♪ Send you some help ♪
♪ To help lift the load
You can't carry yourself ♪
♪ When an angel knows your dreams ♪
♪ We know how to make 'em come true ♪
♪ When an angel knows your plans ♪
[ethereal tinkling]
♪ We know how to help see them through ♪
♪ Angels know more than you can imagine ♪
♪ Your fears and your doubts ♪
♪ Your wishes. your passions ♪
♪ Dreams and desires ♪
♪ The depths of your soul ♪
♪ Believe me. angels know ♪
♪ We know what you need
To let go of the past ♪
♪ Forgive and forget
To make happiness last ♪
♪ We know when your spirit
Is tethered and bound ♪
♪ And the exact moment
We need to swoop down ♪
♪ When an angel knows your dreams ♪
♪ We know how to make 'em come true ♪
♪ When an angel knows your plans ♪
♪ We know how to help see them through ♪
[choir] ♪ We know how
To help see them through ♪
♪ Angels are gifts
From God's trove of treasures ♪
♪ Meant to spread joy
And abundance of pleasure ♪
♪ Truth. love. and light ♪
♪ Wherever they go ♪
♪ Believe me. angels know ♪
♪ Angels fly
'Cause they take themselves lightly ♪
♪ Angels glow and they shine so brightly ♪
♪ They're ever there ♪
♪ Daily and nightly ♪
♪ I know that angels know ♪
♪ Yes. they know ♪
♪ And they glow ♪
♪ I believe angels ♪
Know.
[music ends]
[melancholy music playing]
[Regina] Help me.
Please help me.
Light a path for your girl.
[music continues]
[latch clicks]
"Regina Fuller
gave birth to a baby boy…
who was put up…
put up for adoption…
and was named…"
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
♪ Now I see how much Daddy loved me ♪
♪ He brought my dark secret to light ♪
♪ He said I was smart ♪
♪ His bright shining star ♪
♪ And maybe ♪
♪ Just maybe ♪
♪ He's right ♪
[music ends]
[Margeline] Here is the deal. everybody.
Violet is in the hospital.
[townsfolk gasp]
Now. we may not feel God's protection.
affection. and connection right now.
but all we gotta do is pray.
-[gospel music playing]
-[all] Yes!
He also wants us to continue.
To what? Try. Try!
-♪ Whoa. nothing is impossible ♪
-♪ Try. try ♪
-♪ Be the highest flying dreamer in the… ♪
-♪ Sky. sky ♪
♪ Winners are not afraid to… ♪
♪ Fly. fly ♪
♪ Each day is a little harder ♪
♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Get up each day and… ♪
♪ Make yourself ready for the… ♪
♪ Sky. sky ♪
♪ You can make it if you try ♪
♪ Oh. try a little harder ♪
♪ Try. try ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Try a little harder ♪
-♪ Try ♪
-♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Just a little harder ♪
♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Oh yeah. oh yeah ♪
-♪ Let me tell you. try a little harder ♪
-♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Nothing is impossible ♪
♪ Try. try ♪
♪ You can make it if you… ♪
♪ Winners are not
Winners are not afraid ♪
♪ Try. try ♪
♪ Try a little harder ♪
♪ Just a little harder ♪
♪ Every day get up ♪
♪ And try. try. try ♪
[music ends]
-Merry Christmas.
-Mm-hmm.
[door bells ringing]
-Merry Christmas. Pastor.
-Merry Christmas.
Mack just called. Violet woke up.
-Thank goodness! Oh!
-[chuckles]
Oh. faith opens a door.
and miracles can enter.
I still have faith.
I just…
I feel like…
my faith needs to grow up a little bit.
I can't expect the angels to sing. and…
and for everyone to be blessed
with everything that they want.
like God is some sort of Santa Claus.
Honey.
miracles come in all different ways.
Maybe Fullerville's miracle is
that. no matter what happens.
we will have the strength to change.
You're right.
All right.
That story… [chuckles]
-[tires squealing]
-Oh!
Regina. we have got to stop
almost killing me like this.
Dr. Marshall. I am so sorry!
This isn't my brain tumor.
I… I'm just in a hurry.
Oh yes. I know.
I… I… I… I left you a message.
Uh. your test results came back.
and they were perfectly clear.
Those first results must have come
from a faulty machine or… [giggles]
-Either that. or it's a Christmas miracle.
-Oh.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you for the good news.
[Christmas music playing]
[door opens]
-Pastor Christian.
-Don't worry. Regina. We're leaving.
No. I. uh…
I have a Christmas present for you.
Is that one of the lanterns
from the Square?
Yes.
It belonged to my father.
And now. uh…
it belongs to you.
I don't understand.
Well. I… I found something inside.
It's my father's family Bible.
Our family Bible.
It has the history of…
our family.
And it's written in a Bible. so…
it must be true.
[inspirational music playing]
-Oh my.
-What?
[whispers] That's what I said.
With everything that's been going on
in… in Fullerville.
I was struggling
with what I wanted to say tonight.
And then we had
our first Christmas miracle.
Violet woke up.
-[townsfolk clamoring]
-Oh yes. Yes. she did.
[chuckling]
[woman] Oh. bless her heart.
And then. what do you know?
I get to. uh…
I get to have my own Christmas miracle.
When I was a boy growing up in this town…
there was always someone
that seemed to be watching over me.
He would show up to all
of my baseball games. rain or shine. He…
he even came to my high school graduation.
He was a man that cared
about every single person in this town.
That man was Jack Fuller.
-[all murmuring]
-Jack. Yeah. Jack.
[Christian] It's gonna be
our first Christmas without Jack.
Jenna and I miss him very much.
I'm pretty sure that Jack would approve…
of the sermon
that I've chosen for you tonight.
It's about a young girl…
a young girl that was with child.
And many years ago…
You know that many years ago.
they would not even accept her
in her own town.
So…
the baby was given up for adoption.
I was that baby.
[all gasps]
And tonight. on the holiest of nights.
I had the pleasure…
of meeting my birth mother.
Please welcome my mother…
Regina Fuller.
[all gasping]
[indistinct chatter]
-Regina.
-Regina?
Regina!
Well. Merry Christmas to all.
and to all a good night.
I knew it all along.
[man] No. you didn't!
-[Angel] ♪ An angel's prayer ♪
-[choir] ♪ An angel's prayer ♪
-♪ Is hoping you can share ♪
[Angel] ♪ The love. the peace and goodness
You deserve ♪
[choir] ♪ Ooh ♪
-[Angel] ♪ For all to care ♪
-[choir] ♪ For all to care ♪
♪ Loving one another ♪
♪ All sisters and all brothers ♪
-♪ Reaching out to others ♪
-[choir] ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Beyond the Square ♪
♪ Yes. this is an angel's prayer ♪
♪ This is my Christmas ♪
♪ My Christmas prayer ♪
[whispers] Thank you.
Don't thank me.
I'm the answer to your father's prayer.
[ethereal tinkling]
When my father died…
Uh. today. a very wise person…
my friend Felicity…
told me that grief…
is love with nowhere to go.
I grew up…
wanting to treasure
my father's legacy and his dreams
for this wonderful town. but…
then…
life…
and death happened.
And. um…
Well. as my oldest friend can attest. I…
I became very mean.
-It's okay. baby. It's okay.
-[inspirational music playing]
♪ Forgive me for being ♪
♪ So stupid and blind ♪
♪ For saying and doing things ♪
♪ That were unkind ♪
♪ Forgive me for letting you
Take all the blame ♪
♪ For my actions ♪
♪ But truly. I feel most ashamed ♪
♪ For taking for granted ♪
♪ Your tender heart ♪
♪ And I beg for the chance ♪
♪ To give me a new start ♪
♪ Can you forgive me? ♪
♪ Ever forgive me? ♪
♪ I'm sorry for all that I've done ♪
♪ When you are numb
To the feelings of others ♪
♪ It's easy to damage someone ♪
♪ To err is human ♪
♪ Forgiveness divine ♪
♪ I'll try to make it up to you in time ♪
♪ Not that I deserve it ♪
♪ But I'm begging you please ♪
♪ Please. please forgive me ♪
♪ I've shattered your dreams ♪
♪ And that I regret ♪
♪ From this moment on ♪
♪ I'll give it my best ♪
♪ And I pray you and God
Will help with the rest ♪
♪ Please say you'll forgive me ♪
♪ Oh. please. please forgive me ♪
♪ Please ♪
♪ Please forgive ♪
♪ Me ♪
I want to be
and I want this town to be happy again.
[music ends]
I want the lights on the Square
to shine brightly every night. and…
I want to keep the rents low
to keep the spirits high because…
I am not selling this town!
-[all cheering]
-Oh. Regina!
[screams]
[indistinct clamoring]
And our Christmas celebration begins
right now!
[all cheering]
[Christmas music playing]
♪ Christmas is a time for mending
Tying up loose ends ♪
♪ Christmas is the best girlfriending
Time to make amends ♪
-♪ Christmas is a time for grandmas ♪
-♪ We hope one is on the way ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for grandpas
If I had my say ♪
[townsfolk]
♪ Christmas is a time for singing ♪
♪ Fa la la la. la la la ♪
♪ Listen to the church bells ringin' ♪
♪ Ding-dong. ding-dong
Ding-dong. ding-dong. ding-dong. ding ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for whistling ♪
[trumpets playing]
♪ Christmas is a time for kissing ♪
[townsfolk gasp]
[music continues]
♪ It's Christmas on the Square ♪
♪ Everybody's there ♪
♪ Laughing. singing. joy bells ringing
Excitement fills… ♪
Regina!
Violet! [chuckling]
You are a shining star!
And one of these days.
you'll be running this town.
Thank you. I know what you did for Violet.
I'd like you to meet my son.
-[laughing]
-What?
-Yeah.
-I believe you owe me a dance.
-I'll explain later.
-What. man? What?
I'll explain it to you later. Come on.
[romantic music playing]
[music heightens]
[indistinct clamoring]
[both laughing]
Look. Angel.
all the lights shimmering down below!
You can see where
the lamplighter has been.
Oh. and there's Regina down there.
just shining her light on everybody.
And it's beautiful!
♪ Christmas is a time for caring ♪
♪ Being at your best ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for sharing ♪
♪ Knowing you've been blessed ♪
♪ Christmas is a time for angels ♪
♪ Making things all right ♪
♪ Now. you've got lots of work to do ♪
♪ So get out there ♪
♪ Light your light ♪
[townsfolk] ♪ That's what Christmas is ♪
[inspirational music playing]
♪ So try to be
The first one up the mountain ♪
♪ And try to be
The first to touch the sky ♪
♪ And don't let somebody tell you ♪
♪ You can't do it ♪
♪ And if they say that ♪
♪ Show 'em it's a lie ♪
♪ And if you fail at first
Just keep on trying ♪
♪ 'Cause you are not a failure
In God's eyes ♪
♪ So spread your wings
And let the magic happen ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll never really know ♪
♪ If you don't try ♪
♪ And the first step is the one
That's always hardest ♪
♪ But you'll never really know ♪
♪ If you don't try ♪
♪ You have to try ♪